docs/index.rst, before:

.. polib documentation master file

Welcome to polib's documentation!
=================================

This documentation covers the latest release of polib.

polib is a library to manipulate, create, modify gettext files (pot, po and mo
files). You can load existing files, iterate through it's entries, add, modify
entries, comments or metadata, etc. or create new po files from scratch.

polib is pretty stable now and is used by many
:ref:`opensource projects <projects>`.

polib is completely free and opensource, the license used is
`the MIT license <http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php>`_.
It was developed back in 2006 by `David Jean Louis <izimobil@gmail.com>`_
and it is still actively maintained.

To get up and running quickly, consult the :ref:`quick-start guide
<quickstart>`, which describes all the necessary steps to install and use
polib.
For more detailed information about how to install and how to use polib,
read through the documentation listed below.

Contents:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   quickstart
   installation
   api
   contributing
   projects

Commit message:

* Updated doc and tox.ini file for python3 support, * Fixed a small Python 3.1 compatibility issue.

docs/index.rst, after:

.. polib documentation master file

Welcome to polib's documentation!
=================================

This documentation covers the latest release of polib.

polib is a library to manipulate, create, modify gettext files (pot, po and mo
files). You can load existing files, iterate through it's entries, add, modify
entries, comments or metadata, etc. or create new po files from scratch.

polib supports out of the box any version of python ranging from 2.4 to latest
3.X version.

polib is pretty stable now and is used by many
:ref:`opensource projects <projects>`.

polib is completely free and opensource, the license used is
`the MIT license <http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php>`_.
It was developed back in 2006 by `David Jean Louis <izimobil@gmail.com>`_
and it is still actively maintained.

To get up and running quickly, consult the :ref:`quick-start guide
<quickstart>`, which describes all the necessary steps to install and use
polib.
For more detailed information about how to install and how to use polib,
read through the documentation listed below.

Contents:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   quickstart
   installation
   api
   contributing
   projects
